Ladies and gentlemen, good evening!
Hi dear friends!
I want to kiss you!
All!!
Everyone on the mouth! All! On the mouth!
This is joy!
My heart is beating very hard!
Eat, Benigni, eat !!
Eat of these soutzoukakia!
From the stage of the Faculty of Philosophy
Roberto Benigni gave his answer at high volume
to those who attack our country,
and said that everyone has a debt to Greece.
Roberto Benigni spoke with passion in Italian
analyzing the philosophical notions that Dante develops in Hell ...
and the influence on him from the thought of Aristotle.
He also referred warmly to Thessaloniki who embraced him
and at the "Aristotle" University which appointed him ...
Professor "honoris causa" of the Faculty of Italian Language and Philosophy.